so we discussed how to scale up the DHT
yeah the real three problems DC
currently solves for ipfs is pure
routing that is how do you find a
specific pair on the network content
routing that is how do you find who has
the content I'm looking for and then I
pns so what is the latest file or object
associated with some immutable name
these three routing problems have
different characteristics and different
requirements peer reading needs to be
low latency and really fresh responses
you know need to know exactly where the
peer is right now content routing has a
like it really needs actual pretty high
volume you need to build put mini
routing or earth records or many records
to the DAC saying where all of your
content is because if you have a lot of
content and it doesn't care about which
response it gets you can really get
anywhere sponsor and substeps wants as
long as you can eventually find the
content and it also cares about
censorship resistance IP NS is like
really low volume it also cares about
fresh responses but it's actually harder
to validate freshness so a cool thing
about peer writing is like I know that I
got the right answers I'm connected PR
with IP NS I don't ever really know if I
have the latest version of my penis
record so that covers the routing
problems we then talked about like the
DHT and problems we have of that in
potential solutions two main problems
are unreliable node and nodes and
malicious nodes where unreliable nodes
are either NAT or behind NAT so whether
it's ephemeral they come up and they go
down some folks for this is just make
sure that these are malevolent O's don't
join the DHT another fixes on the other
side I just like prefer reliable nodes
or unreliable notes like if you have a
set of nodes you're talking to keep
track of which ones appear to be
responding to queries I'm here to be
unmad 'add and then just like drop the
other one sweet routing tables to deal
with malicious nodes we talked about
maintaining pure scores to measure how
the good peers are and how like disky
are they answering queries correctly you
getting some weird things we're like no
it gets really complicated and there's a
lot of literature on it but we went far
into this and didn't respond with a full
solution finally we talked a bit about
centralization trade-off so we actually
came up multiple times the conversation
these we have a lot of trade-offs
between like I do want to focus on like
fixing problems with the reliability or
malicious nodes but
in this case it was like we care about
speed versus existence
[Applause]